Add refresh token expiration (#30943)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/authentication.markdown

- Create [Long Lived Access Tokens](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/auth_api/#long-lived-access-token) so scripts can securely interact with Home Assistant.
- Log out of Home Assistant.

<div class="note">

> Unused refresh tokens will be automatically removed. A refresh token is considered unused if it has not been used for a login within 90 days. If you need a permanent token, then we recommend to use [Long Lived Access Tokens](/docs/auth_api/#long-lived-access-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unused refresh tokens will be automatically removed. A refresh token is considered unused if it has not been used for a login within 90 days. If you need a permanent token, then we recommend using [Long Lived Access Tokens](/docs/auth_api/#long-lived-access-token).
```
